---
title: NO SERVICE 3.22
date: 2020-03-13 10:59:00 Z
image: "/uploads/IMPORTANT.png"
event date: 2020-03-22 10:00:00 Z
---

### We are living in an unprecedented time nationally and globally, with constant streams of information and reactions regarding the COVID-19 Coronavirus. The news cycle pace this week has been a blur, with declarations and cancellations happening by the minute. With the recent announcements and a presidential declaration of National Emergency, the leadership has made the difficult decision to now CANCEL services until further notice.

On Sunday, March 8th, we closed our "Ain't in There" message series by talking about how God most certainly DOES give us more than we can handle, “that we might not rely on ourselves but on God” (2 Corinthians 1:9). In EVERY instance of crisis through history, the church has had the opportunity to shape community hope and be a beacon of Jesus’s love and compassion--that is what we desire, and we will continue to aggressively look for ways to love one another and love our communities amidst these dangers and fears...all the while recognizing God's omnipotent love, grace, power and compassion that is there to heal, teach, encourage, comfort and direct at every turn.
 
The NHCC leadership has been in contact with area medical professionals throughout this week regarding appropriate and suggested protocols, and will continue to be engaged in ongoing dialogue about ways we, as a church, can best position ourselves to continue to do what we do, while also proactively caring for those around us, all in keeping with recommendations from the Center for Disease Control and the Allegheny Health Department. We will be evaluating things on a week-by-week basis, so be sure and stay connected. Similarly, if you are reading this and know of anyone who may not have the chance to receive this message before Sunday, please reach out and let them know. And while reaching out to people, if you are someone particularly vulnerable during this time and could use some help (or know someone in our midst who does), please reach out to the church office or the elders and let us know, and we will see if we can connect some resources and help meet needs.

We are working on some type of format to share with everyone Sunday morning, and Katie is looking into getting some materials into the hands of families--our hope is to equip everyone to engage with us at home this weekend as best as we can, while continuing to look for ways to love each other and love our communities well during this extraordinary time. Look for something in your emails/texts Sunday morning.

Finally, I would be remiss if I didn't mention one last thing...during this time of uncertainty, I urge those of you who give to the church financially to stay vigilant in your offerings and contributions. Times of critical events where church operations are suspended become times where we can too easily forget about that rhythm. If you prefer to give via check or cash, please consider mailing or dropping off your giving...for others, please consider using (or signing up for) Tithely, our mobile giving platform [HERE](https://get.tithe.ly/download-tithely-app).
 
Inconveniencing ourselves in order to love and care for the most vulnerable among us is paramount to living out the Gospel. We will continue to keep everyone in the loop with continuing developments as we all navigate this important time together.